[18.0][MIG] stock_secondary_unit: Migration to 18.0 (#2280)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_secondary_unit/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module you need to:

1.  Go to a *Product \> General Information tab*.
2.  Create any record in "Secondary unit of measure".
3.  Set the conversion factor.
4.  Go to *Inventory tab* and set a second unit of measure.

> 5.  Push button 'Quantity on hand' and set quantities in stock for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Push button 'On hand' and set quantities in stock for this
```

Author: Done
